Clouds of Offerings to Delight the Glorious Magnetizing Lady: In Praise of Bhagavatī Kurukullā Namo Kurukulle pādābhyām! Lotus-born, you took the form of a sixteen-year-old. With right leg extended, the left raised, an utpala in hand, you offer refuge. The light of your compassion magnetizes all three realms- Liberating Lady of Spontaneous Activity, at your feet I bow. The radiant play of the light of your pristine wisdom, Kindled by your loving affection for us all, Is a magical dance of appearances that tame in whatever way is needed, Captivating the minds of all beings-to you I bow! You glow with scarlet splendor, Like a mountain of coral powder kissed by the morning sun. You seduce with a dance of the ten million expressions of the marks and signs, Abloom with sixteen-year-old youth and charm-to you I bow! With the single face of the dharmakāya and arms of the four immeasurables, Ablaze in the glow of great bliss, intensely passionate, you display a most seductive air. Your three eyes of the three liberations gazing left, You dance on your two legs of the two truths-to you I bow! Your two main hands hold to your ear a lotus bow and arrow To shoot at ignorance, And with the hook and utpala held in your other hands You irresistibly summon all assets of saṃsāra and nirvāṇa-to you I bow! A crown of skulls, a garland of freshly severed heads, And ornaments of bone you wear, all qualities sublimely perfected. On a lotus and moon you stand amidst ten million crimson lights, Served by hosts of ḍākinīs-to you I bow! I raise my lute to play this soothing eulogy With single-minded faith. By any good gained through this elixir of wisdom sight, May the lotus of benefit and bliss bloom forever, I pray! Grant your blessing so that the adept-well-trained, with pure samaya, And prepared through practices that focus on a support- May accomplish the yoga of approach Of the goddess Swift and Courageous, her mantra, and her wisdom pristine! Lady Kurukullā, sovereign of saṃsāra and nirvāṇa, The gods bow in awe of your profound accomplishment. Grant your blessing that I may outshine the world and beings With the blazing youth of vajra strength! Effortlessly you gather the wealth of humans and non-humans. Fiercely you sever harmful ways. You shower upon us a great rain of material riches, fulfilling all our wishes. Grant your blessing, so I may accomplish limitless activities! In brief, O Glorious Magnetizing Lady, Bless my three doors of body, speech, and mind with your pristine wisdom, That I may gain infinite siddhis, both common and supreme, To accomplish my own and others' benefit, just as we wish! The first stanza of these verses of praise and supplication to the Glorious Lady Kurukullā, renowned as She with the Golden Rope for the Heart, comes from an ancient text. The remaining verses were composed by the knowledge-holder Mañjughoṣa. May there be virtue! 
